The Hobbit Essay By Abhijay Yadav



Do you like adventurous fiction books? If you do The Hobbit
is the perfect book for you. This book is about a hobbit 
that goes with some dwarves to reclaim treasure that
belonged to one of them. This book is by J.R.R Tolkien
 who also wrote the Lord Of The Rings. I am pretty sure
 that you will like this amazing story.
 
	There are a few main characters in this book. The first one is
Bilbo Baggins. He is the one who found the ring of power and helped the
team get to the mountain of treasure. Also, he is the hobbit. The next one is Gandalf.
 He accompanied the group for half of the trip but he left for sometime and came back at the
end. He is a powerful wizard and can do many things. Now let's talk about Thorin. He
is the leader of the group and the treasure belongs to him. The main thing he wants
is a jewel called the Arkenstone.

Many events occur in this story. First, many dwarves and Gandalf come
to Bilbo's house. They talk to Bilbo about joining them on their adventure and
 they party a little. Then, they set off on their trip and soon find themselves
fighting a lot of creatures! After a while they get to the mountain and go inside.
There, Bilbo puts on his ring and disappears! He then goes deeper to find a dragon
 on top of a mountainful of treasure. Someone then kills the dragon and the dwarves collect
treasure. Still, there is a twist. The town comes and says they will not let them out of the
mountain until they get a share of the treasure. Then the battle of five armies starts. Thorin dies
at the end and he is buried in the great mountain. At the end when Bilbo returns to Hobbiton
 he finds that people are putting his stuff on auction! So he retrieved his stuff and
 started writing There And Back Again which is also called The Hobbit.



I think this book should be rated 5 out of 5 stars because the storyline is good, the settings are
good, and it is a long book. I think the trip to the mountain was the best part because they had 
many adventures and a lot of problems. One other thing I like is the author's imagination. I mean 
who can think of a storyline and characters like this? This book has many details so it is a long book. 
I personally think that grades 4+ can read this book.

This book is a great book for high level readers. The details, characters and settings are
great and the storyline is pretty good. Also, if you read this before The Lord Of The Rings you will have
a good understanding of  The Lord Of The Rings. In conclusion, this book is a great book to read.
Buy It Now!  

